RGB Lightstones for Minetest

License:
---Code: WTFPL
---Textures: WTFPL (made by VanessaE)

Depends: mesecons_lightstone, digilines?

Instructions (with digilines):

* Grab one from the creative inventory, or craft one:
	nothing		green lightstone	nothing
	red lightstone	luacontroller		blue lightstone
	nothing		digiline		nothing

or, if you don't have luacontrollers:

	nothing		green lightstone	nothing
	red lightstone	mesecon			blue lightstone
	nothing		mesecon			nothing

* Place the thing
* Right-click and set a channel
* Send a digilines message to it on that channel with the color you want (choices listed below)

Instructions (without digilines): 

You'll have to use /give or /giveme. The node names follow the pattern "rgblightstone:lightstone_color", where "color" is replaced with the color (see below).


Colors:

Edit the settings at the top of init.lua to change what colors are available. The 16 colors from 16-color mode are always available.

16 color mode:
off, black, blue, brown, cyan, darkblue, darkcyan, darkgray, darkgreen, darkmagenta, darkred, gray, green, magenta, red, white, yellow

512 color mode:
Same as 4096-color (below), but only even digits work (so "EEAA88" works but "55BBFF" doesn't).

4096 color mode:
Any 6-digit hex value where the two digits for each part are the same. For example, "00FF66" and "112233" work, but "5678AC" will not.

"True Color" mode:
While the code is present, engine limitations do not allow this many nodes to be registered. If this ever changes, any hex value (such as "237AF0" or "C0FFEE") will work.

Adding more colors:

Call rgblightstone.add(name,color) - "name" is what digilines message should switch to it, and "color" is a hex color.

Group addressing mode:

If you are building something with large numbers of these things, set them all to the same channel, set X and Y addresses on each, and send nested tables (Y on the outside) with colors for all of them.
For example, given this display:

X=1 Y=1     X=2 Y=1

X=1 Y=2     X=2 Y=2

to make it show:

red     green
blue    yellow

send this:

{{"red","green"},
{"blue","yellow"}}

Note that if you are using group addressing mode, if there is an already-configured RGB lightstone node directly above the one you are setting up,
punching the one you are setting up (or right-clicking and selecting the Auto-Fill option) will attempt to auto-fill it (incrementing the Y address) from the one above.
